Number of places to eat and/or drink: 772
Number of nearby places in 1018: 21
Bakhuys Amsterdam
  Fresh bread is baked in a wood-fired oven at Amsterdam's Bakhuys all day long. This oven is right in the middle of the shop, which means that everyone can enjoy the delicious smells. In addition to the tasty sandwiches, there is also a broad selection of French pastries, such as small cakes and biscuits. Pull up a chair next to the crackling wood, watching the bakers at work and enjoy a healthy breakfast or lunch.

  address: Sarphatistraat 61
Twentyfiveseven
  Locals of Amsterdam's Plantage neighbourhood try to keep this café their little secret, but it is just waiting to be discovered. On a warm, sunny day fight for you table next to the canal, across from the zoo. It is so close to the wild residents of the Artis, that at any given moment you may hear a hoot, a growl or the song of a tropical bird.  
  address: Entrepotdok 64
Amstel Bar & Brasserie
   The Amstel Bar & Brasserie is an informal place for lunch, dinner or a late night snack after a visit to the theatre. It is also a great place for cocktails. Due to the large windows and the summer terrace it has a beautiful view of the Hogesluis. 
  address: Professor Tulpplein 1
Restaurant Neva
  Neva is a beautiful restaurant located in the Hermitage Amsterdam. The restaurant has a panoramic view of the garden and is open daily for lunch and dinner.
  address: Amstel 51
A Tavola
  This Italian restaurant between the Scheepvaart Museum (National Maritime Museum) and Waterlooplein serves a small but well-chosen menu of meat, fish and pasta. A Tavola means ‘at the table’, so simply pull up a chair for some authentic Italian food and excellent wine.
  address: Kadijksplein 9
T eten & drinken
  T eten & drinken is hidden away beneath the trees on Amsterdam's Roeterstraat and feels like a home away from home with its cosy living room atmosphere. All the dishes, which vary from French toast to almond cake and a full French breakfast, are fresh and homemade.

  address: Roetersstraat 4HS
Rosa & Rita
  If fresh homemade food is what you’re looking for, Rosa and Rita is definitely worth a visit. The house specialties at this eatery in Amsterdam are steak and pizza. The menu also includes appetizers, salads and desserts.
  address: Oostenburgereiland - Conradstraat 471
Pension Homeland
  Pension Homeland’s restaurant offers a raised fireplace and a lovely view over the Eastern Dock, near to the historic Marine Harbour and the National Maritime Museum. 
  address: Kattenburgerstraat 5
Elkaar
  A stylish restaurant serving up delicious french-Mediterranean cuisine with views of the 18th-century Muiderpoort city gate.
  address: Alexanderplein 6
Bistro Baret
  Located close to Amstedam’s famous Carré theatre and close to the Amstel river, Bistro Baret attracts just as many theatre-goers as locals. Both come streaming in to enjoy classic dishes like steak tartar, mussels, and the ‘catch of the day’, and for those who are dining prior to an engagement in the Carré, there is a special menu that changes weekly.
  address: Korte Amstelstraat 18
Scheepskameel
  The former naval kitchen at Marineterrein, which only recently opened to the public, has been transformed into sleek restaurant with a gleaming white interior and delicious gourmet creations. 
  address: Kattenburgerstraat 7
De Pizzabakkers
  De Pizzabakkers is a pizza restaurant that uses fresh, high-quality ingredients. There are four De Pizzabakkers in Amsterdam.
  address: Plantage Kerklaan 2
Olie & Zo, Eten & Drinken
  Delicious baked goods and gifts for the food-lovers in your life line the shelves at this café/deli/food store in Amsterdam. Olie en Zo works closely with local suppliers to create dishes and products of the highest possible quality. 
  address: Conradstraat 142
Spirit Amsterdam
  Get into the spirit of Amsterdam with local ingredients and seasonal produce, served buffet style so you can eat until your heart’s content and belly’s full.
  address: Czaar Peterstraat 2a
Café-restaurant De Plantage
  Dine amongst lantern-lit sycamore trees and flamingoes at this elegant conservatory restaurant on Amsterdam's beautiful Artisplein.
  address: Plantage Kerklaan 36
La Rive
  The clientele at the swanky InterContinental Amstel Hotel Amsterdam may be rock stars and royalty, but anyone can book at the La Rive restaurant. Experience a crafted menu of French-Mediterranean cuisine with a restrained sprinkling of Middle Eastern and Asian flavours.
  address: Professor Tulpplein 1
Borrl Kitchen
  Just across from Amsterdam’s Artis Zoo lies Borrl Kitchen: a hidden gem for drinks and foodie delights. Enjoy breakfast, lunch and late night bites along with a cocktail or craft beer in an intimate and informal setting. 
  address: Plantage Kerklaan 41
Instock
  Tackling the problem of food wastage one meal at a time, InStock turns leftovers into quality dining, creating delicious dishes with locally sourced food that would otherwise be thrown out.

  address: Czaar Peterstraat 21
Dignita Hoftuin
  Hidden behind Hermitage Amsterdam is Dignita Hoftuin, a quaint garden café and social initiative that serves local, organic food while supporting the community.
  address: Nieuwe Herengracht
Bloem
  In a beautiful spot near the Artis zoo is café Bloem.
  address: Entrepotdok 36
Langendijk
  On the Zeeburgerstraat, with a view of a windmill, is the café Langendijk. A popular terrace in the summer around cocktail hour, you can eat delicious tapas, as well as salads and somewhat more serious dishes like leg of lamb or sea bass. On Friday evenings there is a DJ who plays soul, funk and disco, every Sunday afternoon there is live music and they regularly organise barbeques.
  address: Zeeburgerstraat 1
